You wake up in a comfortable armchair in the middle of a big library. The shelves on the wall reach up to the ceiling and are all filled with more books a human could read in one single lifetime. Your bone fingers tap on the soft leather of the armrest of your armchair as you look at the man in front of you. He is still young, probably not older than 25 years and bowing to you in deep respect. "Speak!" You command him so the man moves his gaze up to look at you, then he says: "The circle is prepared as you taught us master. The sun already has set, the components are at hand and your students are ready.". You do a little gesture with your bone hand, the man bows again and hurries out of the room. You raise from the armchair and walk over to a window to look outsides. Several floors below you can see candles standing in a circle. They lighten the outlines of a circle drawn with some white powder on the ground. Five persons, all dressed in black robes with hoods seem to be working in and on the circle as a blow of guest of wind blows one of the candles out. One of the hooded persons with a torch in hand quickly heads over to the candle. He leans down and either replaces or lightens it again. As the light of the torch hits the inner part of the circle you can see runes and more lines. Your gaze moves from the circle over towards a point in the distance. Images flash up before your inner eye, pictures of at least one grave yard. "So they are ready too..." You mumble before you open the window and look down again. "Each of you get a bite to eat and have some water, as the circle is, you should be strong and ready for raising an army of the dead tonight my students.". As you leave the room the world before your eyes turns black and you awake.

You push a heavy wooden door open, light from behind you is floating in the dark room in front of you. The ground and the walls are all alike made from hard and cut stone. As you enter the torches at the wall begin to burn in a blue and cold light. Now you notice the engraving on the walls and the ground. To your left they show a bat flying over a river. The river splits in a big and a small branch. The big branch is leading to a waterfall ending right in a bowl what is standing in a big hall. Next to the bowl stand a big woman who just is lifting a man of the size of her hand out of the water. The small branch of the river soon is getting foggy, as you have a closer look at it you can see the outlines of a man standing on a boat there. To your right you see a celebration in the open, farmers a celebrating their harvest on a big table. The artist did put very much detail in the engraving so even the mimic of the farmers is clearly noticeable as very joyful. Only one person is standing out of the scene, a drunk farmer resting against a wagon. There even are even two weak footprints leading to him. As you have a closer look you notice that his left hand looks to be skeletal. After your gaze rested on the man for a moment it moves back to the scene, you notice the outline of five towers far away in the background. Then your gaze moves up and rests on the clear sky for a moment. As the scenery at all the stars are shown very detailed. You say: "This is the right place, for your own safety wait at the door my students. No one will dare to hide such powerful knowledge without guarding it well." Footsteps can be heard behind you and the door is shut. Your turn to look at the room in front of you now. There is a single bookrest standing in the middle of the room and presenting a thick book with a cover made of black leather. As you do the first step towards the book you fall. There is no more ground holding you and then you awake.