[Obsolete and sounding too much like scolding]
You want to be promoted? Why shall I promoted someone who is not even able to work with a coworker?
If you ever want me to see you as the reasonable person worth to overpower another noble show me that you can put grieve aside for higher aims. 
Replacing someone who does not what you like him to do is easy but will improve things only for a moment. Help the one you shall work with to use their potential, in order to become the persons you hope they can be one day. 
This means being patient with them and giving them any chance to develop. 
Because I think this way you did become a noble and still are one. 
Some of your choice made me consider to replace you too and I think you aware of this. 
When you look back you sure won't be able to deny that you did learn a lot on your way to this point.
The Baron did earn his rank by hard work as you did, and even if you love to point out his wrongs he did a lot of things what strengthened Cadomyr. One important thing any leader needs to do is to make people use their strengths. The Baron and his strong faith are popular among the lizardmen, he is a good warrior, and loyal to me as can be. Sure with his claws he never will be a master bard and play the lute or harp. He is a Baron of Cadomyr because he has certain strengths he uses for Cadomyr in this position. You show potential and engagement in politics and foreign affairs, you proved all Cadomyr that you are a builder, and you gathered the right people to delegate tasks to. These are the major strengths I see when looking at you Countess. Therefor you and the Baron's aims are supported and became the aims of the realm to a certain extend.
Put in a view words I want to tell you, that if you want to lead nobles you will need to make them respect you.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

[New version as letter]

Dear Countess Annabeth, 

I did keep on thinking about our latest discussion. You clearly pointed out that you want the power to simply command the Baron. You also pointed out that you respect him so little that you want him to be replaced. For the sake of Cadomyr you came to the point to step away from this wish. You have the strong ambition to become a leader even among the nobles, so I want to tell you what I exect from someone leading the nobles of Cadomyr. 
Any noble did become a noble because of being an outstanding knight. Outstanding means that this person did prove not only loyality but also strengths what are considered to be of use for Cadomyr. So all nobles deserve to be respected. Sure someone leading the nobles needs to be respected by all of them, so they will follow his or her orders. Respect is something what needs to be earned between people and cannot be given, even not by me. 
A good leader looks for the strengths and potential of the people he or she is leading. Anyone can see weaknesses but weaknesses won't serve Cadomyr. By knowing the strengths a leader knows what tasks to delegate to who. Knowing the ambitions makes a leader able to make someone develop and even learn to be of bigger use for the realm.
Any leader will be responsible for the people under his or her command. Any official leader among the nobles will be responsible for any of their actions and choices. Nobles are granted a certain degree of freedome above the subjects, so leading the nobles will only be able based on their respect.
There are other points related to these things, but what is written here should cover the basic expectations.
As mentioned before leaders are ment to support aims and use strengths. If you are still willing to go this way you can come to me whenever you need advice or support.