The high and slim figure laid on a soft and warm bed which was covered with red cloth. The halfelf blinked as he opened his green eyes, pushed his black hair out of his face and looked around. The room around the bed was made out of white marble with golden ornaments. It was hard to guess how big the room was. He was wearing clothes made of a light golden cloth. As his bare feeds stepped out of the bed he got aware of the other persons in the bed. They lay there, naked and beautiful. Even in the deep sleep they were, the mage was aware of their love and loyalty to him. Without knowing where to go he walked through the luxury room.

On his way he passed various pompous presented magic artifacts. There were many things he didn't know, even if he felt the power in them. But amount the artifacts were also some, he recognized like the Mana Sphere, a model of the Gobaith, his Dragon Breath Ring, and one of the Stones of power – even if he couldn't see of which colour the gem was. The mage walked slowly over the strangely warm stone without any guess for how long or how far he walked. As he stood in front of a big map table he wasn't able to say if he was still in the same room or not, but he did not care really about the question. He looked on the big map on the table, the land shown on it felt familiar, even if he couldn't recognize any place directly. In opposite to this he could clearly recognize the big emblem of the order, which lay like a big shadow over the map, surrounded by smaller emblems. The mage did know: that was the land of the order, his land and no one had the power to take it away from him.

He had a satisfied smile on his lips as a gust of wind caught his attention. It came from a huge doorway in the wall, sided by two heavy, red curtains. The doorway led to a huge balcony with a golden parapet. Without recognizing to walk over the figure leaned against the railing and looked with his green eyes into the yard of a huge castle. Two mighty red dragons just landed in the yard. On their back where heavy armored riders. The warrior armors where covered with gold and at their white cloaks you could clearly see the orders emblem.

Djironnyma felt like home, satisfied, powerful, respected, and feared. With no clue how long he stood there he enjoyed this feeling until steps from behind bought his attention up again. Next to the mage stepped a slim elf with grey hair but a young, beautiful and androgyny body. He wore nothing but a single sleeve which was bound around his peaky hips. Even with his eyes closed the elf looked to Djironnyma with a cheeky smile as he came closer. The old mage enjoyed the attention of the young man. He raised his hand to touch the pale cheek of the elf but stopped as he opened his eyes. His iris was of a bright grey colour with tiny golden lines in it and the pupil was not round but a slim slit. This wasn't the eyes of an elf bit of a dragon.

The young man smiled warm as he stroked slowly with his thin fingers over his flawless body. Playfully he fondled the knot of the cloth around his hips. His pointy rose tongue licked over his soft lips and his high voice spoke to the mage: “All this – shall be yours alone.”. It wasn't clear if he was talking about himself, the situation or both. For a timeless moment Djironnyma was lost in the grey eyes. He wanted this life, this power, this elf. Once again he reached slowly for the beautiful face but just before the mage's fingers touched the cheek he stopped. He felt that from this skin came no warmth. Just icy coldness was in this person. Like Djironnyma had his mind back, he lowered his hand again. He shook his head and answered: “No – not like this”

As he had spoken an icy wind with a rotting smell blew into his face. The balcony had disappeared at once and the mage fell into a deep black emptiness. He was followed by the young elf who was flanked by the two dragon riders. As the elf's eyes began to shine he was first covered by a grey fog, before suddenly he turned into a giant grey dragon. At the same moment the red dragons and the paladins on their back began to decompose. Their flesh rotted away and left nothing but black skeleton dragons ridden by golden legionaries. They screamed loud and flowed the falling mage, till the big grey one opened his mouth and tried to bite Djironnyma. But before he was able to crush him, the mage woke up drenched in sweat.